c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\obj\Debug\VolunteerHourLog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\VolunteerHourLog.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\VolunteerHourLog.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\obj\Debug\VolunteerHourLog.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\obj\Debug\VolunteerHourLog.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\VolunteerHourLog.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\VolunteerHourLog.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\obj\Debug\VolunteerHourLog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\obj\Debug\VolunteerHourLog.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Downloads\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\VolunteerHourLog\obj\Debug\VolunteerHourLog.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\VolunteerHourLog.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\VolunteerHourLog.pdb
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\obj\Debug\VolunteerHourLog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\obj\Debug\VolunteerHourLog.dll
C:\Users\Kevin\Documents\GitHub\volunteer-source\VolunteerHourLog\obj\Debug\VolunteerHourLog.pdb
